---
title: "Songs of 2022"
last_modified_at: 2022-12-31T23:30:00+08:00
tags:
  - annual review
---

It's the end of 2022, a happy and challenging year. No more than 14 hours the calendar will show a totally different number, spliting the continuous time.

I would say, this is just a magic of us human beings, and it is a successful one. Today and tomorrow are only 1 day away. There are no such huge gap between them.

However, people treat them as a milestone in their life. We conclude the passing year, write reviews, and hope for a better future. I know it is a mediocre thing to do, but somehow, this year I have a strong motivation to write down the days and memories I have witnessed. I guess I am getting more and more nostalgia as saying enough goodbye this year, and I harbor a strong desire for recording the moments in my life as if I never lose them.

Therefore, I think it is a good idea to start a new series, "Songs of 20XX". By 12 songs I love best for each month in the past 365 days, I can anchor my memory and thought in the rolling time river.

## January
[OH NO, OH YES! - 中森明菜]({% link _music/oh-no-oh-yes.md %}){:target="_blank"}

## February
[Plastic Love - 竹内まりや]({% link _music/plastic-love.md %}){:target="_blank"}

## March
[星群是自由的鸽子 Constellations Are Free Doves - 昨夜派对]({% link _music/星群是自由的鸽子.md %}){:target="_blank"}

## April
[年少有为 If I Were Young - 李荣浩]({% link _music/年少有为.md %}){:target="_blank"}

## May
[最初的地方 Where We Began - 伍佰, 杨乃文]({% link _music/最初的地方.md %}){:target="_blank"}


## June
[送别 Farewell - 上海彩虹室内合唱团]({% link _music/送别.md %}){:target="_blank"}


## July
[Fly Me To The Moon - 高橋洋子]({% link _music/fly-me-to-the-moon.md %}){:target="_blank"}

## August
[带我去找夜生活 Night life. Take Us To The Light - 告五人]({% link _music/带我去找夜生活.md %}){:target="_blank"}


## September
[歌谣 Ballad - 李荣浩]({% link _music/歌谣.md %}){:target="_blank"}


## October
[米店 Rice Shop - 老狼，河乐队]({% link _music/米店.md %}){:target="_blank"}


## November
[Linnuton Puu - Anna Puu]({% link _music/linnuton-puu.md %}){:target="_blank"}


## December
[恋恋风尘 Dust In The Wind - 老狼，河乐队]({% link _music/恋恋风尘.md %}){:target="_blank"}
